refactor(helpers)!: remove v8 deprecated unique (#2661)
faker-js/faker: docs/guide/usage.md

By doing this first, we are able to pass both names into the `email` generation function.
This allows the value to be more reasonable based on the provided arguments.

> Unlike the `_id` property that uses an `uuid` implementation, which is unique by design, the `email` may contain duplicates. We have a dedicated guide page on generating [unique values](unique).

Reviewer: Uuid is not unique by design but by chance.

Reviewer 2: Maybe just remove the comment about UUIDs completely? It's not very important for this section of the docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike the `_id` property that uses an `uuid` implementation, which has a low chance of duplicates, the `email` function is more likely to produce duplicates, especially if the call arguments are similar. We have a dedicated guide page on generating [unique values](unique).
```
